than the father
Junior Sister did lose her memory five years ago
But the soldiers of the Dragon Temple
Come and abide by the national laws and regulations
And managed by Dragon Girl's warrior Suspense
It's impossible for other people to happen.
His Royal Highness
Witnesses are in front of you
Although Dragon Girl is your junior sister
But you can't praise the second princess so much
Do you think you can just find two people to pretend to be disaster women?
You can slander the soldiers of my Dragon Temple
The authenticity of this matter still needs to be investigated
But I believe in the dragon girl
I also believe in the soldiers of the Dragon Temple
Sangning, let's die
Come senior brother
Don't hurt him.
Sangning, how many people have you allowed your subordinates to harm?
You deserve to die
To the left
presumptuous
That's the right place to drag it down
Let go of me
You don't deserve to be a dragon girl
I curse you to stop him
Like you, these look at you
It always ends.